## Sample Text : (Introduction)
#### How the book came to be.
In my time as a software developer, I’ve been absorbed in textbooks. Book after book I have found more than knowledge — I’ve found steady ground.  
&nbsp; &nbsp;For instance, every day I hone a little bit of “Growing Object-Oriented Software, Guided by Tests” by Steve Freeman and Nat Pryce, into my own oh-so humble prose. It’s from my readings that I’ve gathered the imaginative idea for this book. Overall the repertoire of textbooks often soothes the imposter syndrome that all of us in the industry have felt. That is to say, we’re not all posers, but even if you are this book is for you.  
&nbsp; &nbsp; I hope this book, in its first edition, creates a foundation for both the reader and for future editions to release throughout my career — providing an engaging read for all experience levels. That is to say, as it applies to professional development, to be read for both the industry’s new-comers and for those within it.
#### What’s with the colors exactly?
They correlate to the mantra of Test Driven Development (TDD); fail, pass, refactor. It’s imperative that this subject is taught, yet remarkably it is often over-shadowed. A Software Engineer’s (SWE) purpose is create, but without aim this creation becomes destructive. This book hopes to make TDD an exciting and imaginative subject, and to provide the reader with plentiful perspectives from fresh grads and professionals.  
&nbsp; &nbsp; When applied properly, development is a loop that starts with criteria,  and ends with features. Developers often don’t feel this process as a linear pathway, in fact it’s considered lucky to run code without issue the first time. We see there are many things that can clutter the mind, such as regressive issues, that can  — and will — grind productivity to a halt. However, these issues can be prevented… And it all starts with the familiar colors; Red, Green, and Blue.   
&nbsp; &nbsp; Though testing at its core is simple, it proves difficult for beginning developers to pick up. It’s not like we’re teaching anyone to test their “Hello World” programs, and why would we, but it begs the question of where on the road map tests become imperative. Within traditional collegiate study,  it’s often further neglected without a single dedicated textbook during any 4 year C.S. or adjacent course load. Granted you’ll often receive a section of a textbook for the subject, but it can go without finding itself on a final exam, its study guide, or the slides a professer presents in class — which results in significantly delayed utilization of TDD’s strength.  
&nbsp; &nbsp; This book promises that strength, and when you’re ready.. the first chapter awaits!
